Now that we have a ConnectionFactory,
we'll be using the standard JMS APIs for any further code we write.
Once you have the ConnectionFactory, the next thing you need is a connection.
There are a number of ways you can obtain one.
First off, a generic connection,
in this method we pass in the ConnectionFactory we have created,
and call createConnection on it,
which returns an instance of a JMS connection interface.
We can also create a method that takes in an instance of a
queueConnectionFactory that we created.
In this case, we will call createQueueConnection on that factory,
and return a queueConnection object.
In a similar way,
we can create a TopicConnection by calling
createTopicConnection on the TopicConnectionFactory.
Like the ConnectionFactories, there are XA versions of all these methods.
First, the generic XAConnection.
To create one,
we have another method that we call that takes in a XAConnectionFactory,
and you call createXAConnection on it.
The approach is similar for the XAQConnection and XATopicConnection.
You pass in the relevant ConnectionFactory,
and call either createXAQConnection, which returns an XAQConnection object, or createXATopicConnection, which returns an XATopicConnection object.